[Music]
what's your good name so James and guys
wrong I am from Russia crash
there's a lot of yoga school in America
but I really wanted to get the spiritual
foundation and learn a lot about the
meditation side of us so
why behind learn how to activate
meditation
a color
and so that was the first time I had
experienced that
third our meditation
pretty great but most of all I learned
out to quiet the mind industry
what am I the best things that I
Angele here are the people that I've met
the family that I've gangly friends that
have
the teachers are today we did a hundred
100 made some citations in Ashtanga
clerks
and it wasn't as difficulties
each one of us counted or said
motivational things in our different
languages
I feel more energized about healthier my
body obviously physically is changing a
little bit
muscle strain
I feel my chakras coming everything's
just becoming more open and in my life
and even though I was practicing here we
go by myself coming here now they're
sharing
just different variations so I was
actually not practicing during a
correctly
what's your good name and where are you
from I'm from England
sorry for all it hadn't
[Music]
three I plan to
my lifestyle and these meditation
[Music]
the asanas
and it brings a lot of positive energy
[Music]
[Applause]
namaste
how are you doing very well what's your
good name
Emily Texas United States America what
am I doing here
I mean I came to learn yoga but I also
came to just I guess get in get an
experience particularly I came to
experience yoga in a in its original
environment I came to
kind of figure out what yoga looks like
not just in America which has its own
kind of this thing billion culture and
really
try it out somewhere new and learn
something I feel like in America yoga is
treated as this exercise first and
there's kind of an understanding that
their spiritual undertone some classes
bring that out more than others but it's
always very focused on and here well I
think I still learned a lot about my
body I still got to work with my body
and developed it I feel like what what
we're taught in classes and just the the
environment itself brings out the
spirituality of the practice and and
prized it to its I guess kind of true
purpose which i think is to be able to
meditate for long periods of time like
yoga is not just being able to do
awesomeness it's actually about holding
optimists for conditionally hours an
hour I'm not there yet but I am I think
it feeds the meditation practice
more slowly than the way that we teach
in animation and I think that's
[Music]